hello and welcome to another episode of
d-link TV i'm sheri and i'm here today
with dan and today we're going to be
discussing d links pc on TV so dan can
you tell us a little bit about this
product sure what PC on TV is is as the
name implies it's a device that allows
you to pick what's on a PC and display
it directly on the TV more and more
people are getting the nice large screen
LCD or Plasma TVs and they're looking
for ways to unleash all of that great
content whether it's music photos or
even digital movies or Internet content
and trying to find a way to get that
great content from a pc to the TV and
what the pc on TV player does is it hard
wires it connects directly into the back
of the TV and then will wirelessly
connect and almost take over any pc that
you designate on the home network so
like you see back here this is a big
screen TV that's actually hooked up to
the device you're seeing everything
that's on that pc directly on the TV so
you can take all of your music files
your movies your videos anything that
might be content on your pc and actually
play it on your television screen
exactly so you're not actually moving
anything from the pc to the TV
everything is still housed on the pc
it's just basically finding a kind of a
nicer way to get it to be displayed on
your big screen TV and probably played
through nicer speakers that you probably
have hooked up to your home
entertainment system and it's all
connected through your network yeah so
it's wired or wireless but it's more
convenient to obviously go wire or
wireless I'm sorry so any of the pcs
that's on a home network that's
connected you attach the pc on TV to the
back of the TV and basically make a
connection to a pc and then you have all
that great content directly on your TV
and the way that you control the pc on
TV is one of two ways
say you're sitting on your couch and you
have your laptop you can now see what's
on your laptop up on your big screen TV
and you can use your mouse as you
normally would but PC on TV actually
includes a trackball remote so you can
see the trackball that's on the in the
middle of the remote here is actually
going to act like your mouse right it
has normal buttons i canna front back
left right that type of thing so you can
actually take over the PC say it's in
another room as if it was in the room
with the trackball remote you can bring
up normal browsers like you know Firefox
or going to explore you can play through
media player such as iTunes or Windows
Media Player really kind of a nice
universal way to play all of that great
content on your big screen so now this
product does play itunes and when
windows media players simultaneously yes
you can play your favorite player
whether that's itunes or windows media
player maybe it's a real player you've
already have that you know application
on your pc this is just a nice way to
display that on your TV and play it
through your nicer system so dan is
there anything else we should know about
this product just that it has a variety
of connection options depending on the
connections that are on the back of the
TV it connects to the to the home
network either wired or wireless so it's
a nice convenient universal solution to
get all that great content to your TV
great well thank you for tuning in to
another episode of d-link TV today we've
been talking about PC on TV if you like
more information about this or any of
our other products go to dealing calm
and too few more episodes go to d link
TV com thanks for tuning in and come see
us again soon
you